[Music]
is
commencing push all engines clear start
at will
so
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls good
morning and a very warm welcome to your
flight today
my name is
so
foreign
that's it
maybe not
continue d1
rotate
get up
okay reducing right engine you have
control right
shutting down right engine
[Music]
lessons roger vigil for runway three
four left with the heavyweight landing
okay if not possible you might continue
for one six horizon
with the
[Music]
[Applause]
ready player stays on okay
[Music]
will be returning to landing with an
engine buyer today from very good
quickly
maybe
[Music]
next
quickly okay
what do you think
put the highlight for another three four
left frequency in there fleece quickly
we have no time to waste because the
engine is still on fire okay
we fired both bottles and the engine is
still fire
my
[Music]
okay we will be landing at first
quantity okay are you okay
everything's okay
okay
three four eleven
[Music]
check everything let me check this
quickly
okay landing gear down
okay
can you see something wrong with us did
you see something wrong
no look around quickly here okay
i think the fire was definitely the
smoke like that
with the match auto brake
[Music]
50 forty thirty
twenty
ten you're breaking
ready
okay
[Music]
so
[Applause]
[Music]
you